docs: move documentation and charters to the discussions and .github … (#6427)
expressjs/express: Readme.md

npm test
```

## Current project team members

> For information about the governance of the express.js project, see [GOVERNANCE.md](https://github.com/expressjs/.github/blob/HEAD/GOVERNANCE.yml).

Reviewer: This moved to `discussions` right?

Author: yep

Author: ```suggestion
For information about the governance of the express.js project, see [GOVERNANCE.md](https://github.com/expressjs/discussions/blob/HEAD/docs/GOVERNANCE.md).
```
